OCPBUGS-17345 Adding feedback and support info to developer preview d… (#87164)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/api-compatibility-common-terminology.adoc

An optional product capability that is not officially supported by Red Hat, but is intended to provide a mechanism to explore early phase technology. By default, Developer Preview functionality is opt-in, and subject to removal at any time. Enabling a Developer Preview feature might render a cluster unsupportable dependent upon the scope of the feature.

> If you are a Red Hat customer or partner and have feedback about these developer preview versions, file an issue via the link:https://issues.redhat.com/projects/OCPBUGS/issues[OpenShift Bugs tracker]. Do not use the formal Red Hat support service ticket process. You can read more about support handling in the following link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/devpreview[knowledge article].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are a Red Hat customer or partner and have feedback about these developer preview versions, file an issue by using the link:https://issues.redhat.com/projects/OCPBUGS/issues[OpenShift Bugs tracker]. Do not use the formal Red Hat support service ticket process. You can read more about support handling in the following link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/devpreview[knowledge article].
```
See ISG: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#v

> If you are a Red Hat customer or partner and have feedback about these developer preview versions, file an issue by using the link:https://issues.redhat.com/projects/OCPBUGS/issues[OpenShift Bugs tracker]. Do not use the formal Red Hat support service ticket process. You can read more about support handling in the following link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/devpreview[knowledge article].

Reviewer 2: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#non-breaking-spaces

> Use a non-breaking space ({nbsp}) between the words "Red" and "Hat".

Author: @xenolinux Changed, thank you!
